getting-started.md, before:

# Getting started as a Spinnaker Gardener

Follow these steps to engage in Spinnaker Gardening:
1. [Register for the event](https://go.armory.io/gardening) on Eventbrite
1. [Join Spinnaker Slack](https://join.spinnaker.io)
1. Enter the Slack workspace and join the [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) channel
1. Introduce yourself!
1. To be added to the spinnaker-hackathon GitHub organization and the leaderboard, request the check-in link in [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF).
1. Browse gardening team channels, which always begin with #gardening-team- to start collaborating on projects that interest you
![Browse Team Channels](https://p-qKFvWn.b3.n0.cdn.getcloudapp.com/items/9ZujkE8z/Image%202020-07-18%20at%209.06.08%20PM.png?v=2af37bb659a71050fab1d8fda51e82a0|width=10)
1. Need to get up to speed on Spinnaker to contribute? Check out our [training page](training.md).
1. Need help getting started with an idea or getting unstuck? Reach out to an expert by mentioning @on-call-gardener in [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) or your team channel. Don't be shy!
1. Begin setting up your development environment. Check out our [development environments page](development-environments.md)

Commit message:

add link to ideas page

getting-started.md, after:

# Getting started as a Spinnaker Gardener

Follow these steps to engage in Spinnaker Gardening:
1. [Register for the event](https://go.armory.io/gardening) on Eventbrite
1. [Join Spinnaker Slack](https://join.spinnaker.io)
1. Enter the Slack workspace and join the [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) channel
1. Introduce yourself!
1. To be added to the spinnaker-hackathon GitHub organization and the leaderboard, request the check-in link in [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF).
1. Check out the [Projects, Ideas, and Teams](project-ideas.md) page for a current listing of all the ideas and projects on the table, and the teams that have discussed or begun working on them.
1. Alternatively, browse gardening team channels, which always begin with #gardening-team- to start collaborating on projects that interest you
![Browse Team Channels](https://p-qKFvWn.b3.n0.cdn.getcloudapp.com/items/9ZujkE8z/Image%202020-07-18%20at%209.06.08%20PM.png?v=2af37bb659a71050fab1d8fda51e82a0|width=10)
1. Need to get up to speed on Spinnaker to contribute? Check out our [training page](training.md).
1. Need help getting started with an idea or getting unstuck? Reach out to an expert by mentioning @on-call-gardener in [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) or your team channel. Don't be shy!
1. Begin setting up your development environment. Check out our [development environments page](development-environments.md)
