project-ideas.md, before:

# Projects, Ideas, and Teams @ Spinnaker Gardening Days

A list of Spinnaker project ideas organized into categories for your browsing pleasure. If you find an idea you're interested in and want to learn more, feel free to visit one of the associated team channels listed below, or post in [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF)

## Amazon ECS
- [Adding capacity provider APIs or UI to Spinnaker](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/5400#issuecomment-657258812)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-ecs](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C017W527480) to seek collaborators and check progress
- [Adding a service metrics API/UI to Spinnaker](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/5605#issuecomment-656920886)

## Spin CLI
- [Extending project functionality for the Spin CLI](https://trello.com/b/TZEErakm/extending-project-functionality-for-the-spin-cli)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-josephine-garis](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C016P8K15AB) to seek collaborators and check progress

## Content Projects
- End-to-end SDLC from code commit to production using a combination of Jenkins + Spinnaker, including a canary deployment with metrics from Prometheus
  - Visit [#gardening-team-autobots](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C016YHBQQLE) to seek collaborators and check progress
- Interview Ken Chen and Jens Vanderhaeghe of AirBnb about the [UI work they have done for Continuous Integration (CI) workflows in Spinnaker](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CH3FMKA3U/p1591653051069400), and write a post about it for the [community blog](https://blog.spinnaker.io/)
- Create a blog post or video about a Spinnaker webinar or conference talk:
  - 7/21 - The Culture Factor: Trust, Safety, and Continuous Delivery - Learn more about the combination of new technologies and new cultural behaviors that unlock accelerated innovation. Featuring Armory CTO Isaac Mosquera. [Register here](https://cd.foundation/webinars/).
  - 7/22 - Spinnaker @ DevOps Open Source Insights and Innovations - See a demo of the [new Splunk application for Spinnaker](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/5135/) from its creator, Chad Tripod. [Register here](https://events.splunk.com/OpenSource22072020?utm_campaign=Global_FY21Q2_Glbl_Armory_OnlineEvnt_AppDev_EN_VirtEvnt_PromoE_Jun20&utm_content=Open%20Source%20Insights).
  - Browse the [Spinnaker.Live Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4yLrwUObNkvO80Bjln8_DJXxQNSYrtEs) for interesting talks to write about.

## Plugins
- Add features to the [Nomad Plugin](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-spinnaker) to introduce custom stages into orca that support deployment of workloads to Nomad clusters
  - Visit [#gardening-team-autobots](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C017JTAGGKB) to seek collaborators and check progress
- [Plugin to trigger pipelines on Azure blob storage artifacts](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/3776)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-fresh](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C017CF13A5A) to seek collaborators and check progress
- Plugin to automate extraction of key [DORA metrics](https://stelligent.com/2018/12/21/measuring-devops-success-with-four-key-metrics/) from Spinnaker pipelines
  - Visit [#gardening-team-grafana](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C0180H97T9N) to seek collaborators and check progress
- [Plugin to add support for Microsoft Teams notifications to Echo](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/5826)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-ms-teams-notifications](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C0174Q285L6) to seek collaborators and check progress
- Stage plugin for enabling manual judgements that require data entry 
  - Sometimes approvers for production changes need to manually input information as part of a manual judgement, such as documentation links or further explanation. This plugin could replace or augment the standard manual judgment approval dropdown with a text field in Deck.
  - Ping @AbdulBasit in [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) for context

## Other Integrations
These may or may not be implementable as plugins
- [Integrate Kafka as a Pub/Sub system in Echo](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/2117)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-crickets](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C017489TB8B) to seek collaborators and check progress
- [Add support for AWS CloudWatch metrics in Kayenta](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/5888)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-crickets](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C017489TB8B) to seek collaborators and check progress
- [Add support for AppDynamics metrics in Kayenta](https://github.com/spinnaker/kayenta/issues/770)

## Bugfixes & Service Improvements
- [Fix invalid YAML deletion from Manifest Source field upon save](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/5357)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-issue-5357](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C011ALS3F41) to seek collaborators and check progress
- Add ingress URLs to the Infrastructure tab
  - Service URLs are shown in the load balancers area, but not ingress URLs. It would be really useful for end users to have the ingress right there to access the deployed app if needed, since many web apps don't use the load balancer URL, but the ingress instead.
  - Ping @AbdulBasit in [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) for context
- Create a Helm templating library for generating Spinnaker pipeline templates
  - Ping @Suhrud in [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) for context and design details
  
## Frontend UI/UX
Visit [#sig-ui](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CH3FMKA3U) to seek collaborators and discuss ongoing UI/UX projects 

- Many buttons need tool tips, especially when the window is so narrow that buttons are shrunk to just icons with no visible label.
- Make the pipeline frame responsive to window width so that users can see more than 9 stages.
- Display why the Create button is grayed out in the new application form, so users know what they need to add or fix.
- Darken the add stage button color, so it looks less gray, (it may be guided by a style guide, or maybe a CSS value).

## Contributor Experience
Visit [#gardening-team-cx-y-app](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C017F5E0RL3) to collaborate on a Contributor Experience App for Spinnaker and other CDF projects

- Create a visualization of a map of the world with the number of Spinnaker contributors from different countries
- Create a contribution tracking app more personal than DevStats. The app could show basic stats as associated with GitHub usernames (similar to devstats), but also include a login experience that allows users to access a more full-featured version of the app, in which they can "claim" the contributor profile attached to their GitHub account, add their name and link it to their linked-in profile, and show off all their contributions to CDF projects (Jenkins, Tekton, Screwdriver, and Spinnaker). Lots of different ways to get data from GitHub!

Commit message:

add blessed helm chart idea

project-ideas.md, after:

# Projects, Ideas, and Teams @ Spinnaker Gardening Days

A list of Spinnaker project ideas organized into categories for your browsing pleasure. If you find an idea you're interested in and want to learn more, feel free to visit one of the associated team channels listed below, or post in [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF)

## Amazon ECS
- [Adding capacity provider APIs or UI to Spinnaker](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/5400#issuecomment-657258812)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-ecs](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C017W527480) to seek collaborators and check progress
- [Adding a service metrics API/UI to Spinnaker](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/5605#issuecomment-656920886)

## Spin CLI
- [Extending project functionality for the Spin CLI](https://trello.com/b/TZEErakm/extending-project-functionality-for-the-spin-cli)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-josephine-garis](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C016P8K15AB) to seek collaborators and check progress

## Content Projects
- End-to-end SDLC from code commit to production using a combination of Jenkins + Spinnaker, including a canary deployment with metrics from Prometheus
  - Visit [#gardening-team-autobots](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C016YHBQQLE) to seek collaborators and check progress
- Interview Ken Chen and Jens Vanderhaeghe of AirBnb about the [UI work they have done for Continuous Integration (CI) workflows in Spinnaker](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CH3FMKA3U/p1591653051069400), and write a post about it for the [community blog](https://blog.spinnaker.io/)
- Create a blog post or video about a Spinnaker webinar or conference talk:
  - 7/21 - The Culture Factor: Trust, Safety, and Continuous Delivery - Learn more about the combination of new technologies and new cultural behaviors that unlock accelerated innovation. Featuring Armory CTO Isaac Mosquera. [Register here](https://cd.foundation/webinars/).
  - 7/22 - Spinnaker @ DevOps Open Source Insights and Innovations - See a demo of the [new Splunk application for Spinnaker](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/5135/) from its creator, Chad Tripod. [Register here](https://events.splunk.com/OpenSource22072020?utm_campaign=Global_FY21Q2_Glbl_Armory_OnlineEvnt_AppDev_EN_VirtEvnt_PromoE_Jun20&utm_content=Open%20Source%20Insights).
  - Browse the [Spinnaker.Live Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4yLrwUObNkvO80Bjln8_DJXxQNSYrtEs) for interesting talks to write about.

## Plugins
- Add features to the [Nomad Plugin](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-spinnaker) to introduce custom stages into orca that support deployment of workloads to Nomad clusters
  - Visit [#gardening-team-autobots](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C017JTAGGKB) to seek collaborators and check progress
- [Plugin to trigger pipelines on Azure blob storage artifacts](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/3776)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-fresh](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C017CF13A5A) to seek collaborators and check progress
- Plugin to automate extraction of key [DORA metrics](https://stelligent.com/2018/12/21/measuring-devops-success-with-four-key-metrics/) from Spinnaker pipelines
  - Visit [#gardening-team-grafana](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C0180H97T9N) to seek collaborators and check progress
- [Plugin to add support for Microsoft Teams notifications to Echo](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/5826)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-ms-teams-notifications](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C0174Q285L6) to seek collaborators and check progress
- Stage plugin for enabling manual judgements that require data entry 
  - Sometimes approvers for production changes need to manually input information as part of a manual judgement, such as documentation links or further explanation. This plugin could replace or augment the standard manual judgment approval dropdown with a text field in Deck.
  - Ping @AbdulBasit in [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) for context

## Other Integrations
These may or may not be implementable as plugins
- [Integrate Kafka as a Pub/Sub system in Echo](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/2117)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-crickets](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C017489TB8B) to seek collaborators and check progress
- [Add support for AWS CloudWatch metrics in Kayenta](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/5888)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-crickets](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C017489TB8B) to seek collaborators and check progress
- [Add support for AppDynamics metrics in Kayenta](https://github.com/spinnaker/kayenta/issues/770)

## Bugfixes

## Service Improvements
- [Fix invalid YAML deletion from Manifest Source field upon save](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues/5357)
  - Visit [#gardening-team-issue-5357](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C011ALS3F41) to seek collaborators and check progress
- Add ingress URLs to the Infrastructure tab
  - Service URLs are shown in the load balancers area, but not ingress URLs. It would be really useful for end users to have the ingress right there to access the deployed app if needed, since many web apps don't use the load balancer URL, but the ingress instead.
  - Ping @AbdulBasit in [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) for context
- Create a Helm templating library for generating Spinnaker pipeline templates
  - Ping @Suhrud in [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) for context and design details
- Create a Helm chart for installing Spinnaker that uses the Operator (instead of Halyard)
  - Default files (Note: NOT an implementation) have been added to Armory's open source [spinnaker-operator](https://github.com/armory/spinnaker-operator/tree/master/deploy/operator/helm) repo, and Armory is seeking contributions in this area
  
## Frontend UI/UX
Visit [#sig-ui](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CH3FMKA3U) to seek collaborators and discuss ongoing UI/UX projects 

- Many buttons need tool tips, especially when the window is so narrow that buttons are shrunk to just icons with no visible label.
- Make the pipeline frame responsive to window width so that users can see more than 9 stages.
- Display why the Create button is grayed out in the new application form, so users know what they need to add or fix.
- Darken the add stage button color, so it looks less gray, (it may be guided by a style guide, or maybe a CSS value).

## Contributor Experience
Visit [#gardening-team-cx-y-app](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C017F5E0RL3) to collaborate on a Contributor Experience App for Spinnaker and other CDF projects

- Create a visualization of a map of the world with the number of Spinnaker contributors from different countries
- Create a contribution tracking app more personal than DevStats. The app could show basic stats as associated with GitHub usernames (similar to devstats), but also include a login experience that allows users to access a more full-featured version of the app, in which they can "claim" the contributor profile attached to their GitHub account, add their name and link it to their linked-in profile, and show off all their contributions to CDF projects (Jenkins, Tekton, Screwdriver, and Spinnaker). Lots of different ways to get data from GitHub!
