training.md, before:

# Training @ Spinnaker Gardening Days

Leverage training resources from past and present Gardening Days to uplevel your Spinnaker skills and get up to speed to contribute. Live trainings are recorded for your convenience.

## July Training Offerings

- [New Spin Contributor Walkthrough Workshop](https://youtu.be/Sb5CO6RQx_Q): Learn to use Kubectl & EKS to develop Spinnaker services locally against a cloud-hosted Spinnaker instance on Kubernetes. Access a managed sandbox environment in AWS EKS, courtesy of our compute sponsor, Amazon. Each participant is assigned their own namespace in the cluster, with access to that namespace only. Participants will install Spinnaker there, and then use Telepresence to set up a local development environment for Spinnaker services that is connected to the remote K8S cluster. With that set up, participants will walk through making code changes to Spinnaker services Orca and Deck, using the creation of a new stage as an example. Follow [this step-by-step guide](https://spinnaker.io/community/gardening/spin-contrib/) as a companion to the training video. __If you are following this training asychronously during Gardening Days, join [#gardening-training](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C011CAW95SP)__ and mention @dnilasor or @Fernando Freire to request a personal namespace. _Note: Free training environments, courtesty of our compute sponsor AWS, are currently only available during Spinnaker Gardening Days July 16-23, 2020_.

- [Plugins Training Workshop](https://youtu.be/oEHPvO88ROA): Understand the current state of the Spinnaker plugin framework and how you can use it from a co-lead of the Platforms SIG, which developed the framework. Review plugin concepts and recent framework updates, ways of extending Spinnaker with the framework, backend and frontend development for plugins, and build and deployment. Then get hands on by adding a plugin to Spinnaker, building the release bundle, debugging the plugin code via Orca, and connecting Orca to your remote Spinnaker instance. You'll need a Spinnaker instance running in Kubernetes (like the one you installed in your sandbox if you took the New Spin Contributor Workshop) to follow this live hands-on workshop with Armory.io engineers.  Get started on your plug-in project, understand existing extension points, and review plugin work that is in-progress, planned, and desired to see how you can get involved.

## April Training Offerings
- [Intro to Spinnaker Lab 1: First Pipeline for Kubernetes](https://youtu.be/54QgIjAzPW0): Walk through setting up your first pipeline on Spinnaker - a pipeline that deploys an app to Kubernetes.

- [Intro to Spinnaker Lab 2: AWS QuickStart](https://youtu.be/om37nQdoR14): Practice using Spinnaker to bake and deploy artifacts to AWS EC2, and walk through the setup of your first AWS pipeline. Follow the documentation for the AWS Quickstart as a companion to the training video.

- [Spinnaker Concepts Review](https://youtu.be/eywIY8fqTgc): Review high-level Spinnaker concepts, from pipelines to stages and so much more.

- [Intro to Operating Spinnaker](https://youtu.be/DbaGZkWv8co): Understand Spinnaker architecture and learn about some of the basics of how to keep your Spinnaker cluster up and running.

- [Advanced Spinnaker Lab 1: SpEL & Artifacts](https://youtu.be/gr5VtMAIXWM): Learn about Spinnaker artifacts and using Spring Expression Language throughout your Spinnaker pipeline.

- [Advanced Spinnaker Lab 2: Custom Stages](https://youtu.be/W_rj4mNwz0Y): Watch and see how to extend your Spinnaker instance with custom webhook and run job stages.

- [Intro to Spinnaker Plugins](https://youtu.be/HtkXeC8a38Y): Discover Spinnaker plugin infrastructure and walk through the process of building your first Spinnaker plugin. _Note: much of this training is still relevant, but some parts are outdated. We recommend the Plugin Training Workshop for the most current content._

Commit message:

add summit registration link and scholarship note

training.md, after:

# Training and Workshops @ Spinnaker Gardening Days

Leverage training resources from past and present Gardening Days to uplevel your Spinnaker skills and get up to speed to contribute. Live trainings are recorded for your convenience. For Summit Gardening Days, consider [purchasing a Premium Ticket for Spinnaker Summit](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/spinnaker-summit/register/) to get access to hands-on workshops all month long. To apply for a Gardening scholarship to cover the Premium Ticket cost, reach out to @dnilasor in [Spinnaker Slack](http://join.spinnaker.io); we've got your back!


## July Training Offerings

- [New Spin Contributor Walkthrough Workshop](https://youtu.be/Sb5CO6RQx_Q): Learn to use Kubectl & EKS to develop Spinnaker services locally against a cloud-hosted Spinnaker instance on Kubernetes. Access a managed sandbox environment in AWS EKS, courtesy of our compute sponsor, Amazon. Each participant is assigned their own namespace in the cluster, with access to that namespace only. Participants will install Spinnaker there, and then use Telepresence to set up a local development environment for Spinnaker services that is connected to the remote K8S cluster. With that set up, participants will walk through making code changes to Spinnaker services Orca and Deck, using the creation of a new stage as an example. Follow [this step-by-step guide](https://spinnaker.io/community/gardening/spin-contrib/) as a companion to the training video. __If you are following this training asychronously during Gardening Days, join [#gardening-training](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C011CAW95SP)__ and mention @dnilasor or @Fernando Freire to request a personal namespace. _Note: Free training environments, courtesty of our compute sponsor AWS, are available during Spinnaker Gardening Days October 19 - November 12, 2020_.

- [Plugins Training Workshop](https://youtu.be/oEHPvO88ROA): Understand the current state of the Spinnaker plugin framework and how you can use it from a co-lead of the Platforms SIG, which developed the framework. Review plugin concepts and recent framework updates, ways of extending Spinnaker with the framework, backend and frontend development for plugins, and build and deployment. Then get hands on by adding a plugin to Spinnaker, building the release bundle, debugging the plugin code via Orca, and connecting Orca to your remote Spinnaker instance. You'll need a Spinnaker instance running in Kubernetes (like the one you installed in your sandbox if you took the New Spin Contributor Workshop) to follow this live hands-on workshop with Armory.io engineers.  Get started on your plug-in project, understand existing extension points, and review plugin work that is in-progress, planned, and desired to see how you can get involved.

## April Training Offerings
- [Intro to Spinnaker Lab 1: First Pipeline for Kubernetes](https://youtu.be/54QgIjAzPW0): Walk through setting up your first pipeline on Spinnaker - a pipeline that deploys an app to Kubernetes.

- [Intro to Spinnaker Lab 2: AWS QuickStart](https://youtu.be/om37nQdoR14): Practice using Spinnaker to bake and deploy artifacts to AWS EC2, and walk through the setup of your first AWS pipeline. Follow the documentation for the AWS Quickstart as a companion to the training video.

- [Spinnaker Concepts Review](https://youtu.be/eywIY8fqTgc): Review high-level Spinnaker concepts, from pipelines to stages and so much more.

- [Intro to Operating Spinnaker](https://youtu.be/DbaGZkWv8co): Understand Spinnaker architecture and learn about some of the basics of how to keep your Spinnaker cluster up and running.

- [Advanced Spinnaker Lab 1: SpEL & Artifacts](https://youtu.be/gr5VtMAIXWM): Learn about Spinnaker artifacts and using Spring Expression Language throughout your Spinnaker pipeline.

- [Advanced Spinnaker Lab 2: Custom Stages](https://youtu.be/W_rj4mNwz0Y): Watch and see how to extend your Spinnaker instance with custom webhook and run job stages.

- [Intro to Spinnaker Plugins](https://youtu.be/HtkXeC8a38Y): Discover Spinnaker plugin infrastructure and walk through the process of building your first Spinnaker plugin. _Note: much of this training is still relevant, but some parts are outdated. We recommend the Plugin Training Workshop for the most current content._
