# Training @ Spinnaker Gardening Days

Leverage training resources from past and present Gardening Days to uplevel your Spinnaker skills and get up to speed to contribute

## July Training Offerings

-[New Spin Contributor Walkthrough Workshop](https://youtu.be/Sb5CO6RQx_Q): Learn to use Kubectl & EKS to develop Spinnaker services locally against a cloud-hosted Spinnaker instance on Kubernetes. Access a managed sandbox environment in AWS EKS, courtesy of our compute sponsor, Amazon. Each participant is assigned their own namespace in the cluster, with access to that namespace only. Participants will install Spinnaker there, and then use Telepresence to set up a local development environment for Spinnaker services that is connected to the remote K8S cluster. With that set up, participants will walk through making code changes to Spinnaker services Orca and Deck, using the creation of a new stage as an example.__If you are following this training asychronously during Gardening Days, join [#gardening-training](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C011CAW95SP)__ and mention @dnilasor or @Fernando Freire to request a personal namespace. _Note: Free training environments are currently only available during Spinnaker Gardening Days July 16-23, 2020_.

-[Plugins Training Workshop](https://youtu.be/oEHPvO88ROA): Understand the current state of the Spinnaker plugin framework and how you can use it from a co-lead of the Platforms SIG, which developed the framework. Review plugin concepts and recent framework updates, ways of extending Spinnaker with the framework, backend and frontend development for plugins, and build and deployment. Then get hands on by adding a plugin to Spinnaker, building the release bundle, debugging the plugin code via Orca, and connecting Orca to your remote Spinnaker instance. You'll need a Spinnaker instance running in Kubernetes (like the one you installed in your sandbox if you took the New Spin Contributor Workshop) to follow this live hands-on workshop with Armory.io engineers.  Get started on your plug-in project, understand existing extension points, and review plugin work that is in-progress, planned, and desired to see how you can get involved.

## April Training Offerings
